So we are wielding our many tools in our
increasingly large JavaScript toolbox.
And in this case, we're wielding a lot of
string related methods, and we wanna try
out some of our destructuring in order
to create this little utility function.
So once again we want to take any URL,
which has this images.dog.ceo breeds and
then either a two part name with
a minus in it or a one part name.
And we wanna return either the one
part name or the two part name but
split up the reversed so
that it's all one string.
Okay, let us put our heads together and
figure out.
There are many different ways
that we could do this, but
let's figure out at least one way
that we can get through this.
So would anybody like to share
with me where they started off?
OJ, you said you got
>> I say let url equal, and
then I'll put the url.split.
>> Okay, so we're,
We're doing url.split here, and then-
>> [COUGH] And
then within double quotes I have a slash.
>> A slash, okay.
>> Yes.
>> So one thing we could do is we
could split this URL on the slashes of
which there are many here.
And let's just in the we
do just wanna quickly see.
What that would do, split on slashes.
>> Yes.
>> So this gives us like a big long array
with lots of stuff.
>> [LAUGH] to URL and
square parenthesis for
to pull out the name
>> Okay, and then we, yeah and
then we look at this array, so
the first part we know that the chunks of
meaning between these slashes
are gonna be pretty much consistent.
Because we know the first part all the way
up through breeds is gonna be consistent.
So then we just count,
okay, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4,
is gonna be where the dog breed comes up.
>> Yes.
Okay, now,
>> So then I gonna go URL 4,
position four in the array, right?
To get the name of the dog or
the breed of the dog
>> And then do you
>> Well, [CROSSTALK] let's,
I think let's flitter equals Url 4,
and then I do another
split on that as well.
>> Okay
>> [LAUGH].
>> Okay, so lemme maybe call this,
I don't know, I could call it the-
>> Splitter is what I call it.
>> Splitter, okay,
we could call it, maybe, so
again, naming things is subjective,
and whatever, I might.
In my mind, splitter would be for
example this thing like the character that
I pass in, that I'm splitting on,
so I might just say, I don't know.
>> Url
>> Breed part or something.
>> Sure.
>> Or something like that or breed
Raw text or something like that, but
yeah, we can call it whatever we want.
Now can I ask about this line here?
So URL Was
the name of the string passed
in to our function, that was
the name of the parameter that was already
coded into this starter project here.
So I might suggest that just so we don't
kind of confuse ourselves about what we're
talking about when we're
talking about a URL.
That we maybe named this to,
I don't know, URL array or
URL split or URL parts maybe,
or something like that.
Because it's going to be this array
of all these different things.
So I might just suggest we try to think
about our naming here to make sure I'm
missing my semicolons.
To make sure that we are naming it
something that we're gonna be able to when
we read this code later.
After we've forgotten when we wrote it and
what we were doing in it or
when we show it to our teammate or
our friend or whatever,
that somebody else would be able to
sort of guess at what's going on here.
Okay, great, so this, so
far this gets us the
>> Poodle-standard
>> Yeah, poodle- standard, okay, cool.
Did anybody do anything different for
the beginning of this function?
Yeah, just for variety sake not
because this is totally valid.
>> I would have just combined those two,
those two don't need to be two separate
statements use two
>> Okay
>> Url.split with slash at the top and
then in the square brackets 4
>> So we can also, we
don't have to necessarily capture it as an
intermediate value, we can also do that.
And then, what did you name this?
>> Just temp name.
>> Okay, so temp or something like that.
Or you could call it I don't know, split
breed or something, whatever you want.
So we can call it, let's call it
maybe we'll call it unsplit breed,
because it might be like
poodle minus standard,
which we still need to split up and
move around for example.
I don't know, names are hard,
so it's up to you.
So these are totally valid.
Any other options?
There are several but just curious.
Anything from the chat?
>> Little outside of the scope,
but image URL equals URL.search,
and then the regular expression
slash breed slash I.
>> Okay, yeah, so
we are using now string.search here,
which is doing something a little bit
fancy that we haven't looked at before.
Which is using what's
called regular expressions,
which are very very powerful tools for
matching certain patterns and text.
So we haven't covered this, but yes,
if you know regular expressions,
maybe from other languages or
things that you've learned and
you're comfortable with those,
you could totally use that.
We're gonna maybe leave it out of our
example code because it's not something
we've covered yet, but great.
Okay, wonderful.
There's another thing we could do
that is in the finished example,
which is to split on a longer string.
For example because I know that breeds
is a word that's gonna be in my URL.
I could even split on that or
on breeds slash,
and then get two different parts.
And then maybe take the second thing
of that and split on the slash or what?
So there's lots of different
ways that you could do this.
So our way of splitting on the dashes is
totally valid because then that means
that we can pull out just
the poodle minus standard.
Great, okay.